hello guys I'm conservative MD and this
is on Aman night to the Republic Mac
Edition it works with any version in the
game on your back I got mine from the
Mac App Store because I was on sale but
you can get it from anywhere and it's
actually pretty easy
I wonder if you think this forum post
here and if this one here I want to also
apologize for the quality of the screen
capture but it'll work I wanted to put a
video out there of how to do this
because there isn't one that I've seen
so here we go alright so you're gonna
want to have a mod in mind so I picked
an easy one just because you can now you
can see it when you start the game it
changes the character selection screen
see like that's what it should look like
it works and I got it to work so
hopefully it'll work
and you're gonna need a crossover which
is a it's a free application or you can
get on a trial but or other means and
it's pretty easy to download I'll put
the link in the description or you can
google it either way and I think you're
gonna need a copy of my solar public so
you can go ahead and download the file
you know come to this website you have
to I don't know it's you're a survey
question or something and then oh you
know what did notice referring should be
brand up FF which is very famous I don't
know what there now I don't know what to
say
okay and then you're done with the
computer and then OPR already open this
screen but I'll open it again if you
don't know how to do it
go to applications and they sort of
public if you don't have a mouse or
trackpad whatever hit ctrl click and
then you'll show package contents open
up the contents open up the National
public data
and then you're gonna take your your Mon
and you're gonna paste it in and then
you're gonna take this dialogue key okay
file
you're gonna copy that and then you're
going to paste it inside I paste it
inside the patch data I think you can
place it anywhere but don't quote me on
that
and then all you have to do now is click
on the TSL patcher got executable and
then crossover all will pop in here
you're gonna proceed and wait for it to
load it install it doesn't matter what
the settings are well just don't worry
more about this thing just hit install
and once this is installed it'll bring
up a pop-up menu this menu and hit
install mod and then write this menu and
you have to open up your hard drive
there's a little box up here and this if
it's your first time like of the day
it'll take a little while to load but it
will load eventually and then the more
you do it the faster it'll load and then
you go down to your nacho public out
there it is open it up to contents and
then just to select nacho public data
and then hit OK and it will modify the
correct files then you're okay no no
I'll change the bin appliance and then
you can exit you can close that close
that and you type in it ok then you
locked in mooking let's hope this works
yes all right so you have six outfits of
shoes form in this mod there is the kind
of the Atma soul Caruth mod outfit
excuse me
there's the kind of who looked officer
mod outfits that the guy and Minh Anh
wash and then there's the regular
soldier one which I think to me looks
the best don't look like a fat guy or
some
Martin oh that's okay I'll just do this
one
just do a quick character for fun let's
see yeah we'll be Asian right now yeah
we'll just have a cool scar all right
names gonna be yeah that's a cool name
all right
combat is in real time we all how it
goes oh no space turbulence
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes now you have to apologize
not very good the PC Mossad controls and
then I should contain your clothing okay
and you just go to your feet here
whatever and then inventory he isn't
like clothing I believe I don't even
know I think it was something else that
exterior that there you go now you look
like a republic soldier I will be
testing with amant after this video I
don't know if I post it or not but uh
yeah so if you like that please
subscribe for more of these videos